she doesn't like to pick the good
decides she like to pick the compliment
she can't take Christian attitude have
you noticed when she talks she can't
stop because she won't listen
so she'll continue pounding her own
voice rather than actually listen to
criticism but when it's a compliment -
amazing my dessert but nowhere is
criticism so what I'm asking why is that
ask her that question asked I have the
same problem for that she cannot listen
criticize but she's good she's not
listening can you make a change make a
change so far we've shown you some
incredible unseen footage and brought
you up to date on what's happened since
this episode aired but now it's time to
hear from the owners themselves here is
our reporter ana Garcia with Amy and
Samy hi Sami ana Garcia from Kitchen
Nightmares how are you oh good we can
can we come in and talk thank you so
much thank you I appreciate it yeah we
introduced myself
hi ana Garcia from Kitchen Nightmares
very nice to meet you we want to catch
up with you and Sammi do you have a few
minutes for us I'd love to talk with you
now you talked to me and I want money
because this time for kitchen admit I
want money
II want guys did make so much money
because of us and Gordon Ramsay tried to
bury me a life who he wants I will bury
him first I will bury in person bury
your kitchen nightmare also because you
did it on purpose you set me up and this
is what you did to try to bury us alive
a life and you didn't do it and I won't
let nobody to do it well will you sit
down and talk with the Sami about what
happened to everything that's happened I
go to London before comes because he was
not fair he was look how was he not fair
Sami
because he shouldn't took it out again
because he should represent us that way
I'm going to go against folks against
Gordon Ramsay kitchen nightmare
so I post it I told his Queen poison
he has no boss he's jealous of my box it
was a [ __ ] this is what it is we were
made to look like the most psychotic
lunatic people in the universe and after
watching Kitchen Nightmares I see all
the crazy but I don't see any of the
good I know the people that came here
were Yelpers because I have proof of it
they were on Yelp talking about it after
they were filming and before they were
coming here this is not something I have
invented I'm not delusional I'm not
crazy yes we are passionate yes we are
wild if I came after you you would
probably stand up too if I came after
anybody else you would defend yourself
wouldn't you if you have a family
wouldn't you defend it has it been
stressful stressful yes has been very
stressful
we've had people walk through my doors
casually over here like this and then
leave and then my waitress comes up to
me now we have waitresses because we had
to change our whole procedure because
the whole universe thought my husband
was still
the tips so we tried something new I
took all of the negative things that
Gordon Ramsay said and I tried to
improve on it that's why I had him come
here people come here to try to set us
up because they think it's funny because
they have a hard-on for Gordon Ramsay
there was one person he left on this
plate and I have it in my office and I
have the surveillance camera proof of a
he puts a giant rubber cockroach on the
plate and left it there less without
buying a cake and thought that that was
funny we are dealing with that daily
it's not going to work here we stood up
to Gordon Ramsay you're going to stand
up to the world because we don't go down
without a fight we have to show the
world and every single business owner
out there that you have to stand up you
cannot buy anyone shake you down we have
a voice he has a voice and it's up to us
to stay strong and to show our true
product in what we really have to offer
here at Amy's Baking Company
he has no bars these generals of my
books we were made to look like the most
psychotic alluded to other people in the
universe